README.md, before:

![Logo](admin/epson_stylus_px830.png)
# ioBroker.epson_workforce

![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/epson_workforce-installed.svg) ![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/epson_workforce-stable.svg) [![NPM version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/iobroker.epson_workforce.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.epson_workforce)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/iobroker.epson_workforce.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.epson_workforce)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.epson_workforce.png?downloads=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.epson_workforce/)


:de: [Dokumentation](/docs/de/doc_epson_workforce_de.md)

:uk: [Documentation](/docs/en/doc_epson_workforce_en.md)


## Changelog
### 0.0.3 (2020-09-06)
* (rrov1) install failure of package fixed

### 0.0.2 (2020-09-06)
* (rrov1) switched to regexp and multi language support
* added more states

### 0.0.1 (2020-08-30)
* (rrov1) forked from iobroker.epson_stylus_px830 0.2.1

## ToDo
* Nicer icon !
* ioBroker.Discovery support
* Take Screenshots in different languages

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 rrov1

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---
*Dank an die Erfinder des Basisskripts zum Parsen der Daten, Idittmar und MistyReblaus aus dem [Homematic-Forum](http://homematic-forum.de/forum/viewtopic.php?f=31&t=25140).* :+1: 

*Dank an pix für die Vorlage

Commit message:

minor changes due to warning messages with new js-controller versions image name changed

README.md, after:

![Logo](admin/epson_workforce.png)
# ioBroker.epson_workforce

![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/epson_workforce-installed.svg) ![Number of Installations](http://iobroker.live/badges/epson_workforce-stable.svg) [![NPM version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/iobroker.epson_workforce.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.epson_workforce)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/iobroker.epson_workforce.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/iobroker.epson_workforce)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.epson_workforce.png?downloads=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/iobroker.epson_workforce/)


:de: [Dokumentation](/docs/de/doc_epson_workforce_de.md)

:uk: [Documentation](/docs/en/doc_epson_workforce_en.md)


## Changelog
### 0.0.4 (2020-09-06)
* (rrov1) minor changes due to warning messages with new js-controller versions

### 0.0.3 (2020-09-06)
* (rrov1) install failure of package fixed

### 0.0.2 (2020-09-06)
* (rrov1) switched to regexp and multi language support
* added more states

### 0.0.1 (2020-08-30)
* (rrov1) forked from iobroker.epson_stylus_px830 0.2.1

## ToDo
* Nicer icon !
* ioBroker.Discovery support
* Take Screenshots in different languages

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 rrov1

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---
*Dank an die Erfinder des Basisskripts zum Parsen der Daten, Idittmar und MistyReblaus aus dem [Homematic-Forum](http://homematic-forum.de/forum/viewtopic.php?f=31&t=25140).* :+1: 

*Dank an pix für die Vorlage
